I'm not dreaming
He is actually judging the four great warriors
Crazy, just crazy
Mom is so cool, I love this man so much
lion
You mustn't believe what he says
Back then, my nine clans were deceived by him
There is also the marriage contract of the rhyme of the unicorn
Today, my nine clans set up Zhu Linyan
Just to break the lie
I don't think there's anything wrong with what I did.
For what unicorn Ciyun must have sentient beings
I hated it from start to finish.
Master, as the Lord of the Temple of Heaven
One of the highest in the world
You may not believe these illusory words, right?
Those so-called treason crimes are true
otherwise
How could he have known in advance that the four countries were attacking?
How could I possibly know that my Ye family army has traitors?
He must have colluded with foreign enemies
That's the truth
Yes, he's not just a traitor
And a murderer
He poisoned my grandfather
Lord Zhanzun
Don't be deceived by him
Master's words have already reached this point
If you wake up again
Then you are confused.
Please remember
Well, if you do.
I'll let you see clearly